feat(cloudflare): add astro assets image service (#34)
withastro/adapters: .changeset/dull-candles-perform.md

---
'@astrojs/cloudflare': minor
---

> Adds a adapter option to configure the used image service. Read more in our Cloudflare adapter docs: https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/cloudflare/

Author: Good catch! 🚀

> Adds an adapter option to configure the used image service. Read more in our Cloudflare adapter docs: https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/cloudflare/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds an `imageService` adapter option to configure which image service is used. Read more in the [Cloudflare adapter docs](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/cloudflare/).
```
When you add an option, it's often nice to specify what it is so people can easily find it!
